Revision en docs (#1323)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/marketplace/checkout-api/create-marketplace.en.md

To operate in Mercado Pago on behalf of your seller, you need to request their authorization first. To manage several Mercado Pago accounts at the same time in your integration, you can do it through OAuth, a feature for secure linking that allows sellers to access their Mercado Pago account to authorize and enable your application to work under their name.

<br>

2.2. When the seller accepts, a last redirect is made and you will receive the authorization code in the URL that you specified:

This is the example URL you can use. You will also find the details of parameters to fill it out.

```url
https://auth.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/authorization?client_id=APP_ID&response_type=code&platform_id=mp&state=RANDOM_ID&redirect_uri=https://www.redirect-url.com
```

<br>

> 2.3. You can also include the `state` parameter in the URL authorization to identify who is responsible for the code you received. Do this in a safe manner and assign a random identifier in the parameter which is unique for each attempt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.3. You can also include the `state` parameter in the URL authorization to identify who is responsible for the code you received. Do this safely and assign a random identifier in the parameter which is unique for each attempt.
```

> 
> Remember that you will be using your seller's sensitive information. Secure a backup and do not include it in your link URLs; manage such information from your server only.

> NOTE
>
> Note
>

> > The credentials are **valid for 6 months.**

Reviewer: @romisoto - Romi, aqui eu acho que ficaria melhor se a nota ficasse em um único parágrafo, o que acha? Pensei em algo assim:

The credentials are **valid for 6 months.**, so if you don´t renew your sellers credentials before the expiration period you´ll have to do the authorization process all over again. To avoid it, we recommend renewing the credentials 5 months after you got them.

Author: Parece bom para mim, agora eu adicionei
